Merge Preconditioner into Welford estimators (#188)
TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl: README.md

If you are interested in using AdvancedHMC.jl through a probabilistic programming language, please check it out!

**Interfaces**
- [Python interface](https://github.com/salilab/hmc) for AdvancedHMC 

**NEWS**
- We presented a paper for AdvancedHMC.jl at [AABI](http://approximateinference.org/) 2019 in Vancouver, Canada. ([abs](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v118/xu20a.html), [pdf](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v118/xu20a/xu20a.pdf), [OpenReview](https://openreview.net/forum?id=rJgzckn4tH))
- We presented a poster for AdvancedHMC.jl at [StanCon 2019](https://mc-stan.org/events/stancon2019Cambridge/) in Cambridge, UK. ([pdf](https://github.com/TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl/files/3730367/StanCon-AHMC.pdf))

**API CHANGES**
- [v0.2.22] Three functions are renamed.
  - `Preconditioner(metric::AbstractMetric)` -> `MassMatrixAdaptor(metric)` and 
  - `NesterovDualAveraging(δ, integrator::AbstractIntegrator)` -> `StepSizeAdaptor(δ, integrator)`
  - `find_good_eps` -> `find_good_stepsize`

> - [v0.2.15] `n_adapts` is not needed to construct `StanHMCAdaptor`; the old constructor is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [v0.2.15] `n_adapts` is no longer needed to construct `StanHMCAdaptor`; the old constructor is deprecated.
```

> - [v0.2.8] Two types are renamed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [v0.2.8] Two Hamiltonian trajectory sampling methods are renamed to avoid a name clash with Distributions.
```

## API and supported HMC algorithms

> An important design goal of AdvancedHMC.jl is to be modular, and support algorithmic research on HMC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important design goal of AdvancedHMC.jl is modularity; we would like to support algorithmic research on HMC.
```

This modularity means that different HMC variants can be easily constructed by composing various components, such as preconditioning metric (i.e. mass matrix), leapfrog integrators,  trajectories (static or dynamic), and adaption schemes etc. 
The minimal example above can be modified to suit particular inference problems by picking components from the list below.

> ### Preconditioning matrix (`metric`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hamiltonian mass matrix (`metric`)
```

### Proposal (`proposal`)

- Static HMC with a fixed number of steps (`n_steps`): `StaticTrajectory(integrator, n_steps)`
- HMC with a fixed total trajectory length (`trajectory_length`): `HMCDA(integrator, trajectory_length)` 
- Original NUTS with slice sampling: `NUTS{SliceTS,ClassicNoUTurn}(integrator)`

> - Generalised NUTS with slice sampling: `NUTS{SliceTS,GeneralisedNoUTurn}(integrator)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generalised NUTS with slice sampling (Betancourt, M. (2017)): `NUTS{SliceTS,GeneralisedNoUTurn}(integrator)`
```

> - Original NUTS with multinomial sampling: `NUTS{MultinomialTS,ClassicNoUTurn}(integrator)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Original NUTS with multinomial sampling (Betancourt, M. (2017)): `NUTS{MultinomialTS,ClassicNoUTurn}(integrator)`
```

> - Generalised NUTS with multinomial sampling: `NUTS{MultinomialTS,GeneralisedNoUTurn}(integrator)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generalised NUTS with multinomial sampling (Betancourt, M. (2017)): `NUTS{MultinomialTS,GeneralisedNoUTurn}(integrator)`
```

### Adaptor (`adaptor`)

> - Adapt the mass matrix of the metric space `metric`: `mma = MassMatrixAdaptor(metric)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adapt the mass matrix `metric` of the Hamiltonian dynamics: `mma = MassMatrixAdaptor(metric)`
```

>   - This is lowered to `UnitMassMatrix`, `WelfordVar` or `WelfordCov` based on the type of the metric space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This is lowered to `UnitMassMatrix`, `WelfordVar` or `WelfordCov` based on the type of the mass matrix `metric`
```

> - Adapt the step size of the integrator `integrator`: `ssa = StepSizeAdaptor(δ, integrator)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adapt the step size of the leapfrog integrator `integrator`: `ssa = StepSizeAdaptor(δ, integrator)`
```

  - It uses Nesterov's dual averaging with `δ` as the target acceptance rate.
- Combine the two above *naively*: `NaiveHMCAdaptor(mma, ssa)`
- Combine the first two using Stan's windowed adaptation: `StanHMCAdaptor(mma, ssa)`

### Gradients 

> `AdvancedHMC` supports both AD-based (`Zygote`, `Tracker` and `ForwardDiff`) and user-specified gradients. For the latter, simply replace `ForwardDiff` with `ℓπ_grad` in the `Hamiltonian`  constructor, where the gradient function `π_grad` should return a tuple containing both the likelihood and its gradient. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AdvancedHMC` supports both AD-based (`Zygote`, `Tracker` and `ForwardDiff`) and user-specified gradients. In order to use user-specified gradients, please replace `ForwardDiff` with `ℓπ_grad` in the `Hamiltonian`  constructor, where the gradient function `ℓπ_grad` should return a tuple containing both the log-likelihood and its gradient. 
```

Reviewer: @xukai92 For user-specified gradients, should the user define `π_grad`, or ``ℓπ_grad`?

Author: It's `ℓπ_grad`. I think we had this typo since long time ago.

All the combinations are tested in [this file](https://github.com/TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl/blob/master/test/sampler.jl) except from using tempered leapfrog integrator together with adaptation, which we found unstable empirically.

## The `sample` function signature in detail

```julia
function sample(
    rng::Union{AbstractRNG, AbstractVector{<:AbstractRNG}},
    h::Hamiltonian,
    τ::AbstractProposal,
    θ::AbstractVector{<:AbstractFloat},
    n_samples::Int,
    adaptor::AbstractAdaptor=NoAdaptation(),
    n_adapts::Int=min(div(n_samples, 10), 1_000);
    drop_warmup=false,
    verbose::Bool=true,
    progress::Bool=false,
)
```

> Sample `n_samples` samples using the proposal `τ` under the Hamiltonian `h`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Draw `n_samples` samples using the proposal `τ` under the Hamiltonian system `h`
```

- The randomness is controlled by `rng`.
  - If `rng` is not provided, `GLOBAL_RNG` will be used.
- The initial point is given by `θ`.
- The adaptor is set by `adaptor`, for which the default is no adaptation.

>   - It will perform `n_adapts` steps of adaptation, for which the default is the minimum of `1_000` and 10% of `n_samples`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It will perform `n_adapts` steps of adaptation, for which the default is `1_000` or 10% of `n_samples`, whichever is lower. 
```
